# React Portfolio Website Project
## Motivation
I originally began this project to become more familiar with HTML, CSS, React.js and front-end development in general. I worked on a full-stack development project in college but mostly in the backend. My frontend development skills previously were limited to very basic HTML and CSS but I never really got too much exposure to it.
I also wanted to create something that could showcase both my fabrication skills and coding ability (besides GitHub). 

My role during full-stack project mentioned previously consisted of mostly backend implementation and a general leadership role. I wanted to ensure that the project closely emulated a true software development lifecycle so I became a major source of organization and planning for the group. I also frequently filled in for people who had outages during a sprint, jumping around frequently after my assigned work was completed to ensure that as much work as possible was completed before the iteration/sprint ended. Again, much of this work consisted of mostly backend implementations of accounts, image uploading, etc. The most exposure I had to front-end technologies consisted of the most basic of HTML and CSS (mostly through Bootstrap).

As of 05/24/2023 this is being put on-hold until I am able to get a better grasp on the basics of React. I will be working on smaller applications so I can get a better understanding of components, classes, props for components and general coding style when using React. Up until this point the project has been a great refresher and practice tool for JavaScript, HTML and CSS - still a success in my book! I just need a firmer understanding of React as a whole before I feel comfortable pursuing this project further. 
